Zhao Wuji
In order to obtain the commercial agency rights of the Dragon King Palace
Want to destroy my Fan family
That's why I pretended to be sick to avoid trouble
Where did such a fake dragon king appear today?
If the Zhao family finds out about my feigning illness
But it's annoying
Nothing is happening.
Go away
Take a good look.
Wake up quickly
I stab me
I stab, I bear, I stab
The mother was broken by you
Pan Xiaolin, did you see it?
This kid can't cure diseases at all
The pain is killing me.
Mother little angel
My mother is reacting
This Nine Dragon God Needle is really useful
It seems that only the last step remains
Just fight
I'm going to die.
Thanks for the help
How is that possible?
Fan Wujian meets the Dragon King
What? That's impossible.
Obviously a liar